# Optimizing an ML Pipeline in Azure

## Overview
This project is part of the Udacity Azure ML Nanodegree.
In this project, we build and optimize an Azure ML pipeline using the Python SDK and a provided Scikit-learn model.
This model is then compared to an Azure AutoML run.

## Summary
This dataset contains data from direct marketing of a Portuguese banking institution. The classification target is to predict if the client will undertake a bank term deposit.

The best performing model was the HyperDrive model which had an accuracy of 0.918. In contrast, for the AutoML model the accuracy was 0.916 and the algorithm used was VotingEnsemble.

## Scikit-learn Pipeline

*Parameter Sampling*

I chose discrete values for parameters C and max_iter respectively.

C is for Regularisation and max_iter refers to the maximum number of iterations.

RandomParameterSampling was utilised as it is fast and supports early stopping of low-performance runs. If an extensive budget was available GridParameterSampling would have been ideal to use as it allows for extensive searches over the search space. BayesianParameterSampling can also be used to explore the hyperparameter space.

* Early Stopping Policy*

Early stopping policy has been utilised to automatically terminate poorly performing runs. The BanditPolicy has been utilised with an evaluation interval and a slack factor.

Runs that are not within the slack factor of the evaluation interval of the best performing run will be terminated. As such with respect to the policy, best performing runs continue until completion, hence the reason for its choice and use.

## AutoML
**In 1-2 sentences, describe the model and hyperparameters generated by AutoML.**

## Pipeline comparison
**Compare the two models and their performance. What are the differences in accuracy? In architecture? If there was a difference, why do you think there was one?**

## Future work
**What are some areas of improvement for future experiments? Why might these improvements help the model?**

## Proof of cluster clean up
**If you did not delete your compute cluster in the code, please complete this section. Otherwise, delete this section.**
**Image of cluster marked for deletion**
